---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Lego by Keyboard
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-01-19
labels:
  - Javascript
---

As I progressed during my Coding journey, I found javascript is a much more functional and opened up language comparing C++ and Java. For example, indentations on javascript seem to be running just fine without strict proper spacing. As well as, the strings and numbers could work together without too many hassles in a function. Javascript experience has always been friendly to me since high school. I took a coding class in high school that I was introduced to the world of programming for the first time. I found myself enjoying the simple coding that I was capable of doing. That semester of experience really ignited me to build myself to become a programmer. On the Es6, I found it interesting how you are able to destructure Es5 syntax turning it in another way for the function. One thing I really enjoy about javascript is the capability of working with HTML and CSS. The javascript function is something that is unique about this language, the function being called out really felt like putting pieces of the puzzle together to get things running. This really reflects on the way we would have to communicate with people to work together putting pieces together to accomplish the project or software.

In my opinion, WODs really helped us gather our brains to warm back up from the year of not coding. WODs are useful to test our knowledge on the things we know and provide us the tricks that sometimes gives us the snap moment. I do enjoy how WODs are working for us, it is also a stress on us when we are getting timed. Solving for WODs is fun when we can get the answer. However, it is really competitive while being watched by others if we aren't able to obtain the answer within the time range.I think this style of learning will work as competition are always everywhere once we start to apply for jobs.

During this semester, I do hope to achieve a project that could help me grow as a job-ready programmer. Working on projects to help us develop the skill needed in the job could be one of the things I would like to acquire. Building my profile for my future is also something I would like to be done in this class. So far, I have enjoyed this class as I really feel this class is helping me on the way to the long run.

