---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Clear Goal
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-02-17
labels:
  - RadGrad
---
As I discovered the RadGrad, I found it helpful to understand the course path more clearly. Most incoming college students are most likely to be blacked out on what will happen and what classes to take. They tend to follow the star plan pathways giving. However, although that's not wrong, that's not the most efficient way. I found that RadGrad helped me understand and give clear information on the course. The courses tab gives me the required class for me to take and could recommend me if I don't know what to take next. Many student reviews and details about the type make it easier to pick courses. It would boost a lot of degree experience if I could find out about this site entering college.

One of the most exciting things about RadGrad is the levels feature. It attracts attention to the site with leveling up. Unlike other sites, it's just lots of pieces of information to read about. One of the most helpful features of RadGrad, in my opinion, would be the career goal. It gives you information about the job and what class to take for the career goal you want to achieve. I think this is the most helpful and convenient feature because almost every student has thought about, for example, "what I will be doing in the future," "what kind of career option do I have," "what should I take to accomplish and be able to handle the job." This site will answer all the questions with detailed information and courses.

The new thing I discovered on RadGrad is the Opportunity tab. There are so many different professors' opportunities that would be hard to obtain by ourselves. Opportunity is significant in current societies to outstand among other peers. As far as I discover Radgrad, I would consider it the more efficient tool for Uh Manoa students than the star pathway.
