---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Learning by Inspection
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-01-19
labels:
  - Javascript
---
Coding Standards are difficult to follow, especially when there are many different coding languages to learn. Things like indentation or spaces are hard to keep track of while working with other languages in a short period. I also think some coding standards are pretty unnecessary. It only gets the programmer to waste time on minor issues instead of focusing on the program itself for results.However, on the other hand, I do think it does help with the early stage of learning languages. Coding Standards helps us break down the code by setting its own rule. Just like learning English, you would have to know the spelling and grammar to communicate correctly and efficiently to others.

The green checkmark is quite helpful after the first week of using ESlint with Intellij. At first, ESlint did cost more trouble than good to me. However, as I progress and start to fix my code with the errors generated, I begin to notice the mistake before the ESlint pops up. With the use of such coding standards, I will improve my coding with quality coding outcomes. The process of getting the green checkmark may be harsh, but when the green arrow shows up, you know that your program doesn't have any unprofessional syntax error that could lead to a significant program crash that you might take more time to write such program.

Like communication and essays, coding standard is a more efficient way to program a better outcome. One of the reasons would be security concerns, languages without the coding standards would easily have bugs for the hackers to get to the program system. I also found that coding standards can boost the performance of the program. As we get better with code and programming, we will write bigger programs. Code standard ensures that the program runs more smoothly for the users.
